CSS properties: intro sentence in values section part 3 (#44936)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/column-rule/index.md

### Values

> This property is specified as a comma-separated list of values, each value being one of the following value types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is specified as a comma-separated list of values. Each value can be one of the following value types:
```
